because we were lucky today
to attend one of the sessions
definitely the last drive
has opened to the press it must be said
with the team the france team of cso
withdraw from a headquarters
more friendly we live this moment with
yann provide and fred ca that he we
took the meeting so riders
French
the last sensations and especially the
strategies already forming a small
little for the first test that will be the
five-day hunt their first
competition the riders of the team of
France jumping are serene
on the program this Wednesday short session
working on the plate before an ultimate
scheduled jump training this Thursday
installed at julien epaillard houara
of the mosque tri 40 km from caen
riders are relaxed but already very
focused on the goal
it's a very quiet place
environmental trail conditions are
extraordinary we made a first
course yesterday today just a
basically flat work
because a lot of journalists are
come to disturb us we opted for
not take a hotel we live in a
house together i'm waiting we came back
some basic things have to
to eat we try to be the most united
possible to have activities together
and to further tighten the ties that has
already through this group on monday they
will enter the ornano stadium for the
warm up
the first test that of speed
will take place on tuesday
and according to each horse of
strategies are emerging
massera desire to serve the
team
from the first test we have two
very fast couples
patrice with orion and pénélope with
flora must be very very careful
report to this test
the ideal is to be placed in the
in the first three four after
it's not either
a need to finish the chase the
hunting in the lead is not that it's not
the hunt test that makes us win
by cons must be careful it can
also we put ourselves a little bit in
embarrassment if we make a very bad
thing
it depends a bit on the configuration of the
course when I run after he takes
a huge crowd but if it's really
all distances tight I could not
no longer enter lines in a
gallop and if after I can not
take off a stride for example I'm
pretty confident now that's still a
championship there is a little bit
unknown because there are never
ran so will have to see on the format
championship so if he can be so
performing that summer these last
contest I have great confidence in it
I know she'll be here
it is certain for the hunt it is true
that and it's duly fast but I want
neither
demolish it for the fake the next day
in quotation marks go too fast and
take too much risk with regard to philippe
war he will designate the names of the four
selected Sunday or Monday
after the draw of the passage of the
teams I always race and a
rider so that's going to be decided from here the
end of the week or maybe we
may wait until Monday it was good
that we look at our adapt our
strategy according to the course and in
function of the starting number